Over the past few years. You've probably seen severe weather
events in the news. Maybe you've even experienced
natural disasters like hurricanes wildfires
or snow storms because our planet's climate
or weather is changing severe weather is
happening more often and temperatures are rising
in many places around the world climate change.
Is just one way that our environment affects our health
the air we breathe the food we eat the water we
drink and the places where we live work and play
all have an impact on our health.
For example, some people live work or go to
school in older buildings that have lead paint.
Let is a substance that can cause serious health problems,
especially for young children poor air quality
is another way the environment can affect our health when
there's pollution in the air. They are it's especially dangerous for people
with asthma the environment affects our health and
many other ways like unsafe food and water
mold radon and carbon monoxide poisoning.
The good news is there are simple steps.
You can take you can learn more about the environmental health
of your community by visiting cdc's environmental
Public Health tracking Network view local
timely data and information on topics, like air quality
drinking water extreme heat radon and more
use tools designed to help communities prepare for and
respond to environmental health threats like extreme
heat events for the latest CDC.
E environmental health news see cdc's environmental
health Nexus cdc's National Center
for environmental health offers tools and information
to help you protect yourself from everyday environmental health
risks, you can find resources like asthma
action plans tips on preventing lead poisoning emergency
plans to prepare for natural disasters and more learn
more about how the environment affects our health and how
you can stay safe and healthy.
at www.cdc.gov
/ nce H /e H
SP